docs: document TypeBox source-of-truth and API doc-sync conventions (#2723)
SignalK/signalk-server: docs/develop/rest-api/conventions.md

```

---

### Schemas and Documentation

An API's data shapes are described by **TypeBox schemas**, which are the single source of truth. Each request / response shape is defined once in `packages/server-api/src/typebox/<name>-schemas.ts` and reused everywhere else:

> - The **OpenAPI** specification (`src/api/<name>/openApi.ts`, browsable at `/doc/openapi/`) is generated from the schemas — paths reference them, the shapes are not written out by hand.

Reviewer: I think the word _generated_ is misleading here. To me it says that we are doing build time code **generation**, when actually there's just runtime objects created from the TypeBox schemas.

```suggestion
- The **OpenAPI** specifications (`src/api/<name>/openApi.ts`, browsable at `/doc/openapi/`) use data shapes from TypeBox schemas instead of manually created & updated literal descriptions, thus keeping OpenAPI and TypeBox in sync.
```

See also use of _generated_ below.

Or am I mistaken?

Author: You are right — nothing is generated at build time here; the OpenAPI/AsyncAPI documents are runtime objects that use the TypeBox schema objects directly. Applied your suggestion verbatim and reworded the other "generated" mentions in both files (intro, the `typeboxToOpenApiSchemas()` bullet, the sync-table row and the closing paragraph). The only place that still says "generated" is the TypeDoc row, since that one really is produced at docs build time by `build:docs`.
